Introduce Cookbook (#424)
hyperledger/iroha-2-docs: src/cookbook/unregister-asset-definitions.md

---
title: "Unregister Asset Definitions | Cookbook"
head:
  - - meta
    - name: description

>       content: "Learn how to unregister an asset definition."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      content: "Learn how to unregister asset definitions in Iroha."
```
